com/example/mirand/ui/insides/inside_cluster_activity.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.insides.inside_cluster_activity
com/example/mirand/adapters/MyRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.mirand.adapters.MyRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.mirand.adapters.MyRecyclerViewAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/mirand/ui/intro/activity_login.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login$1
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login$2
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login$2$1
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login$3
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_login$3$1
com/example/mirand/util/Fundraising.java
 com.example.mirand.util.Fundraising
com/example/mirand/ui/intro/activity_register.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_register
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_register$1
com/example/mirand/ui/adds/add_new_cluster.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.add_new_cluster
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.add_new_cluster$1
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.add_new_cluster$2
com/example/mirand/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.mirand.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/mirand/util/User.java
 com.example.mirand.util.User
com/example/mirand/ui/intro/activity_welcome.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_welcome
 com.example.mirand.ui.intro.activity_welcome$1
com/example/mirand/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mirand.MainActivity
com/example/mirand/database/Const.java
 com.example.mirand.database.Const
com/example/mirand/ui/adds/create_new_fundraising.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.create_new_fundraising
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.create_new_fundraising$1
 com.example.mirand.ui.adds.create_new_fundraising$2
com/example/mirand/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.mirand.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.mirand.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/example/mirand/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mirand.BuildConfig
com/example/mirand/util/Permission.java
 com.example.mirand.util.Permission
com/example/mirand/ui/insides/InsideFundraisingActivity.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.insides.InsideFundraisingActivity
com/example/mirand/database/Configs.java
 com.example.mirand.database.Configs
com/example/mirand/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/mirand/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/mirand/dialog_fragment_edit_new_card.java
 com.example.mirand.dialog_fragment_edit_new_card
com/example/mirand/util/CreditCard.java
 com.example.mirand.util.CreditCard
com/example/mirand/database/DBHandler.java
 com.example.mirand.database.DBHandler
com/example/mirand/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/mirand/util/Cluster.java
 com.example.mirand.util.Cluster
com/example/mirand/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.mirand.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.mirand.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
